hey guys what is up I am here in New
Jersey Performing Arts Center for the
Berkeley City Music summit I was invited
out here to be on panel which I'm super
excited for I love making videos but
making videos a big part of that is
music and I've actually played guitar
for 10 years so I have a little bit of
background in music but it's really cool
to be here kind of to share my
perspective to people who are in school
like the importance of developing your
personal brand online and how that can
help you as a musician the people I am
on a panel with they're just like you
know one about the idea of we'll be
doing this work you know it takes you
time off but I also think that you
explore but but do that with an
intention of finding what you love not
just do it do it try on things to find
out what makes you tick then we can find
that thick corner on this rap on
practice the Heartless of love and love
yourself but not be all about yourself
the reporters will get those more around
you you know the American love this
stuff I give a lot of others I have
faith in what you do and multiple forms
and different forms whether this is your
friends whether this is the most hot you
know whether it's an folks you come in
contact with who keep that passion are
alive we walk
I want to introduce you to a few people
a phrase applied in Memphis Tennessee
I'm I am an Academy Award winner
I want to add a new warp I wrote the
lyrics in the song title for it's hard
out here for pretend how to ride the
handsome man that's crazy you know
talking about weird Berkeley you don't
say speaking about our prayers and I'm
professor Chris emdin professor at
Teachers College at Columbia University
alumni fellow at Harvard University and
author of the now New York Times
best-selling book for white folks who
sees in the hood in our co2 and just a
building with Isabel an amazing growing
and young people and artists about the
nature of their craft and purpose and
passion in delicious it's such a great
job next level
last time you guys saw me I was in New
Jersey at the Berkeley music summit
think it was so much fun I met so many
next-level high schoolers who play
guitar and sing and played bass and play
violin they were all killing it it was
such a cool opportunity but now it's
Sunday so many things have happened
since I last talked to you I found a
mouse in my apartment it was terrifying
yesterday I waited around for the
exterminator he never came so hopefully
I can figure out this mouse situation
sooner than later I have not seen it
again but it oh it was so scary the
entire next day I just played like you
know you know the game you play it as a
kid but the floor is lava that was me
I saw the movie arrival with Amy Adams
it was a very interesting I loved I'm a
sucker for the sci-fi stuff and it was
good I recommend it but now it's Sunday
and I'm with Sam Sam say hello yo yo and
we are going to go boost Central Park it
needs to see if I have the proper attire
it's actually a beautiful day a
beautiful day
why is it so packed right now
I don't understand I'd like to fight it
Sunday
we're by Central Park now I totally
forgot like a lot of protests are going
on over here so a lot of science a lot
of people protesting
this is my first time to see central
park fully in fall mode and I'm telling
ya it is a sight to see what's crazy
right now is it's almost worm like I
feel like I'm I need to take off my
jacket
November 13th and it is 61 degrees
outside
now growing up I remember November being
thirty degrees but I'll take it
I'll take it - do you guys like my fly
kicks fan those are sick you I could
hurt someone with these spikes fun story
about these sneakers when I was a
freshman in college my first semester I
just completely smashed it and got
fantastic grades and I was like really
into speakers at the time and Geney my
mom was like Sarah I'm so proud of you
for getting the grades you got so I know
you've been checking out those Jeffrey
Campbell sneakers and she bought them
for me it was it was like such a such a
great surprise and then I dropped out of
college so no more see your sorcerer
bonaga by my own sneakers so views views
views dis dis
I don't know what he's doing but if he
falls in the water I'm gonna get it on
film Sam is very passionate about
putting his iphone in water why because
he can
okay well now I need to see the final
product that was let me let me see
it
because the it I turned the screen
around because of the water snapchat art
so ridiculous I'm calling the dogs
have you ever had a mouse and your
perfect I'm still thinking abuse set up
traps I was never the one to get rid of
it but you set up traps and hope for the
best see on every side reminds me of
Gossip Girl did you watch Gossip Girl I
saw the first season okay yeah it's nice
it's really it's really nice in here but
the Upper East Side is just the noise
levels aren't the same the people so
chill you're not familiar with what's
going on with spectacles those snapchat
glasses you can record snapchat song for
us sunglasses yes and with the head of
the button go straight to your memories
you can upload a snapchat the only way
to buy them is through a snap pot which
is a vending machine
making its way throughout California
come to New York City
snapchat spectacles I woke up early this
morning I watched heroic 10:00 a.m. is
early for me 9:30 a.m. that's very early
I watch the clock countdown thinking
that they would hit New York City and it
did it and what we're gonna freakin go
Big Sur like in the middle of the
mountains in California freaking Big Sur
what's in Big Sur you get their
spectacle do you think there's more than
one the snap thought there has to be
they cannot keep on doing it I think I
think they're gonna ride this out for
like six months
snap BOTS will travel the world can
they're gonna be able to maintain the
hype of spectacles just because of the
way they're releasing them the only way
you're gonna be able to get spectacles
is from the vending machine for the next
six months
that's stupid Christmas is around the
corner every single middle school high
school be calm be calm a mom and dad are
I hear that's pretty stupid I think they
need to just like release them to the
masses after like a month of this I
think it's a fun gimmick but words are
almost done charging the booster birds
are in Starbucks charging if you haven't
checked it out yet I did make a iPhone 7
like fun video testing with some some
youtube Famicon york city I should check
that out if you have not yet I'm gonna
enjoy the rest of this day I just can't
believe like whether and it's just it's
unreal
I'm hashtag thankful to be living where
I live hmm happy Sunday happy Monday if
you're watching us go kill it this week
go crush it go crush it until next time
stay PG okay baby you know dreams
crowned king it is beautiful beat don't
like didn't